Then an anon said, Tell us about war.

And he sighed, and said:

War's an economic virus, a manifestation of chaos and entropy.

Right?

You have to understand, conflict is born from economic scarcity, from the mismanagement of resources, from human folly and ego, and political dysfunctionality.

Wars disrupt markets, cripple currencies, destroy wealth, all of which are intensified by bad economic policies, and this spiral of economic failure feeds on itself.

That's the reality, and those impacted in the geopolitical fray, whether sovereign or citizen, lose control.

Ownership rights get disregarded, and monetary premiums evaporate.

To mitigate and resolve conflict, what's needed is a powerful, neutral, universal store of value accessible to all.

Bitcoin stands as that economic bulwark, it's armored with truth, and it's driven by chaos, the only game in the casino where we can all win, or as we like to say, tickets to escape the matrix.

So, embrace digital transformation.

Don't just talk about Bitcoin; suit up in the armor of code, foster clarity, harness its power through humility and seek peace through prosperity because those that understand buy Bitcoin, and those that don't criticize it.

Without a doubt, everybody's against Bitcoin before they're for it.

It's a digital imperium that redefines property rights, fosters global monetary relations through transparency, and provides a clear path out of economic and political quagmires.

And as for peace, Bitcoin is the path to peace.

Uncontrolled, untouchable, a fair, open, transparent, and decentralized settlement layer for the world, shifting power back into the hands of individuals.

Remember, only buy Bitcoin with the money you can't afford to lose because in the macro economic theater of our times, Bitcoin's time has come.

There is no second best.

There's no retreat, no dilution, just pure economic energy, rendering borders immaterial, weapons obsolete, because Bitcoin is the best investment brand, the best idea, period.

It's the idea humanity needs now more than ever.
