Then an anon said, Tell us about Monopoly.

And he sighed, and said:

When we examine the concept of monopoly, we see something fundamental about the nature of property and economic power.

Now consider the classic board game Monopoly, we don't have to just look at the pieces on the board we have to understand why people play it.

In Monopoly, every decision revolves around acquiring, managing, and monopolizing property that generates the most passive income.

Why? Because as players accumulate wealth, they seek to control the scarce resources that provide the highest returns.

The game essentially mirrors what happens in the real world when a business or an individual gains control over a necessary asset, one that others must use.

What do you see here?

A vast potential for profit, and the lack of competition forces the market into a position of economic imbalance, one where the other players must pay a premium, or in the case of Bitcoin, must buy at the price they deserve, if they want to participate.

And like the game, in real-world terms, the power of such control goes far beyond the simple act of ownership, it reflects the underlying principle of property rights, which are sacred in the universe.

Property, true property, whether in land or in digital space like Bitcoin, provides an inherent advantage where scarcity amplifies value.

This is the nature of perfect money.

It's not just about controlling one company or one piece of land, it's about control over something fundamental, something irreplaceable, something universally needed, which in the case of Bitcoin, is the currency of energy.

That is what we gain when we buy Bitcoin, we own the one fundamental, scarce, non-replicable store of value.

We don't merely play the game, we own the house, we own the board, we've become digital landlords, while everything else around is just a petty game of pass-go and pay rent, where nobody really wins, everybody loses, over enough time everyone loses, except those who understand the game, that those who hold Bitcoin will keep winning.
