Then an anon said, Tell us about Mars.

And he sighed, and said:

Mars, as we understand it today, lacks an organized economic system, and thus its residents have not yet seen the transformative power of Bitcoin, but they're about to.

Now, if Mars is going to survive as a colony, if they're going to thrive, the people living there, they need to adopt the perfect money for a harsh, chaotic, and hostile environment.

Bitcoin, powered by chaos, will not just be a currency, but a beacon of freedom on Mars.

It will serve as the foundation for every transaction, every economic endeavor, where resources are scarce and efficiency is paramount.

They will come to learn that those who understand Bitcoin will buy it, and those that don't will criticize it, just like back on Earth.

Every one of them will be against Bitcoin before they're for it, because that's the cycle of adoption in any paradigm shift.

On Mars, if they haven't yet, they will realize you're never done learning about Bitcoin.

The settlers will appreciate how Bitcoin is immune to the corrosion of time, corruption, and the environmental chaos that Mars presents.

It's the only game in the casino where you're not inherently disadvantaged, where Martian colonists can keep winning.

However, they must wear their armor, control their Bitcoin, as even in the red dust of Mars, not your keys, not your coin.

In this new frontier, understanding that Bitcoin won't protect you unless you use it is paramount.

The Martian future awaits those who grasp that Bitcoin is the one thing you can truly own in the universe, offering escape from the synthetic metrics of Earth's economic matrix.

Everyone on Mars will get Bitcoin at the price they deserve, and they'll learn to invest in the money they can't afford to lose, not because it's risky, but because it's the key to a better existence.

With this, Mars can become a Bitcoin colony, a place where all models we've known are destroyed, and the cure to any economic ill is the orange pill, leading them to be for Bitcoin, not against the deteriorating fiat systems they might still cling to.
